Make description easier to read (#452)
beeware/beeware: docs/tutorial/topics/custom-icons.rst

However, as we haven't provided the actual icon files, the install fails, and
Briefcase falls back to a default value (the same "gray bee" icon).

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: Reduce, reuse, recycle your electrons! We don't need all these extra blank lines.

```suggestion
```

Let's provide some actual icons. Download :download:`this icons.zip bundle
<../resources/icons.zip>`, and unzip the file. To place the files in the root of your 

> helloworld directory, drag the icons.zip files manually to the directory in vsCode.

Reviewer: This presumes you're using VSCode - which won't necessarily be true.

Your project directory should look something like::

> 
> 

Reviewer: Again, we don't need the extra newlines here.

```suggestion
```

Briefcase falls back to a default value (the same "gray bee" icon).

> Let's provide some actual icons. Download :download:`this icons.zip bundle

Reviewer 2: Are we up for a `code-block:: console` here to show how to use `curl` or `wget` to download the bundle (Linux, macOS) and `unzip` to extract it? Would we do that as part of this PR, or a subsequent PR?

Author: I've experimented with trying to add extra tables for new code-blocks yesterday and ran into many issues. I think this should be resolved in a subsequent PR.

> <../resources/icons.zip>`, and unzip the file. We can then place the icons
> folder into the root of the helloworld directory. Your project directory should look something like::

Reviewer 2: Double-backticks here would be consistent with earlier parts of the document, e.g. the advice on editing `pyproject.toml`:
```suggestion
<../resources/icons.zip>`, and unzip the file. We can then place the ``icons``
folder into the root of the ``helloworld`` directory. Your project directory should look something like::
```

> <../resources/icons.zip>`, and unzip the file. We can then place the ``icons``
> folder into the root of the ``helloworld`` directory. Your project directory should look something like::

Reviewer: So - the problem I've got with this rewording is that starts with talking about an `icons` zip file, and then talks about an `icons` folder - and it isn't clear where that came from.

If we're not going to add the full explicit instructions for how to unzip the file, my preference would be to just replace the potentially ambiguous "unpack" with "unzip, and leave it at that:
```suggestion
<../resources/icons.zip>`, and unzip it into the root of your project
directory. After unzipping, your project directory should look something like::
```

(as an aside - we wrap at an 88 character maximum).
